So in previous scenario, I created this glass, which is an IT monitoring Java out of Java logic program.
I send all the teams here.
Let me tell you who had changed this previous pilot and specified this much more.
But the thing is, I would argue in these extreme arguments, which are going to be are going to use
the command line here.
It's not integer, it's OK with string, but we are considered into our board.
So for the utilize that part, I'm mentioning this as integer and I must say in to the board, if you
are using string, it will not accept.
So for that purpose, I change the integer hello, and it's acceptable to put this in arguments.
So I created one x koning sawdust, which is they want us basically.
And it's going to run a public word then, which is you can take it.
Just stand with a committal on May 13, and I'm going to use here all the things, so you know what
I'm going to perform yet is.
Right.
So he said this trying to catch on Sunni exception, even if you don't respond.
Let me.
System not of.
I'm.
Don't.
And he said, if we pay this and we are going to move it right here.
So I'm going to and one it sounded as if we could do something.
So it is not quite as late as what we can say over the course of it.
We need to put out a job program or network or we are going.
We just don't connect with our current political so called echoes what we are doing on.
We are going to create Woonsocket committees.
You know, it's something so if we could care.
I need something else.
I need.
Socket, I assume it is going to automatically take with him or socket, and so I next socket, address
and platform, which is just like so circuits.
So let me put here source at this source.
IHOP is a new.
And I want to mention here address all sorts of Ragnar's, if not zero, which investigative report.
So if you want to change this form, you can change.
So let me put that here.
Indeed.
She's basically common board.
Then our target is our new map, so I need to get one another's operators in exalted and this again
with Mr Nationhood.
Beautiful new.
I am so proud of this, a target slash.
All I needed.
OK.
So power source, you can consider sources you can control is our own source, or you can Google as
a local host and quite easily.
Zero zero 22 in the photos which are really common commonplace oh, people are using it is most common.
You can do so source.
You can check in and target in four languages.
So now we are done with this and target using basically any more.
I'm going to choose now.
I need to perform it's mind.
Soccer tradition.
Perform walks on the table, so service on the here.
I'm going to bind what I'm going to perform that socket link in that electrical socket.
No, you are not what you need to plug it to the wire.
So in that hole, when I need to bind over my sorceress, so similarly, I my thoughts are this.
But again, take any sort of suggestion.
Is not going to.
Destination, I need for a commuter destination.
The same, so I'm considering pilgrims looking for cover and it's not going very well.
I don't even look directly out of my team if.
Connected in its aim to create something, so if connected is not.
It's going to.
It's going to take if it's connected, it's is going to be really just brilliant.
If it's true, it's going to bring something.
So you seemed not a lot, but Britain works is going to print.
It's very interesting.
Isn't I?
Am I saying here when my new date?
If you are familiar with this new these are nothing by definition.
Job you influence functioning, apparently other.
Coffee, yeah.
As we continue now, oh.
And you mentioned source and target everything, so I need to do the space plus target, I need to put
up with your target, which is my target.
Then after this, I'm going to bring to my room slash, which is basically what called.
All plus, what I'm going to put here again is whether it's going to take or not, if it's connected,
it needs to print message coming and.
That's it else, which is basically.
It's not it's disconnected.
It's going to print this similar similar to let me message, Mr.
OK.
Oh, so now we're done with this.
And let me put here one more warning system.
Not out.
Not.
Didn't.
Debase is not exists.
Slash.
Not coming in to.
If you care.
Basically, if I'm having the exception in this.
So that's it.
We perform.
So long, let me tell you who we are going to run.
So first thing what I'm going to create, I created here one socket.
And this task is, I say, this time they must schedule will delay and we did everything but with source.
I'm going to mention the destination address and port and mention, and you can choose.
So the chicken part is very important here.
And let me tell you who we are going to perform this.
So, you know, we need to execute directly in this right because our arguments is not sick.
If you want to set arguments, you have to set your eyes with these everything and you need to mention
that part.
But if you want to use command line interface, let me tell you who we are going to pull from here.
Who might seem like a Marcondes working guru that directly.
It is basically it's hard to see for that.
If you've been to Java.
You can check the Zoomlion Java command.
So let me clear this.
So I need to be on this network monitor Java, so it will compile this part first.
So it will take time to compile everything Java.
So Java keys for the compiling part.
If by printing this Java, no, you need to use these Java.
But now what is remaining time needed here?
I need to hear some old methods and I need to implement like our sources feast, but our target is not
fixed.
So I need to mention other targets here.
So when I do not one skill I mentioned not who or what I'm considering here or this simpler 8.8.8.8,
which is basically Google it both Turkey.
So I am mentioning this.
So this is my source.
So I don't know whether this address is, nor all these know what I'm getting my index option because
this address is not actually exist or which is not connected, so I don't know whether this address
is connected or not.
So for this purpose, I use this.
So let me move to the iPod and let me close.
So let us check for one.
You can hear.
Isn't that OK?
I work on this.
So.
Let us check whether my own IP address or thing is connected or not.
But are people serious?
Then again, these commands.
Java, and I'm not going leave here.
OK.
One thing I need to compile it again, so remember, I need to compile it again.
Once it's compiled, because I've changed little bit, so it to compile, so it will take time to compile.
Let me put you.
So this is my new IP address with new listings.
This is a destination.
This is IP address.
Guess?
And it is.
It is just basically for the connected.
So currently on this date and this it's not you never close this close to you.
Serious.
So.
Blunt warning to perform here, if I walk, you want to check your own light.
You can check one for the security purpose I'm not considering here.
I'm looking here one random address.
If you want to check, then this is connected to the network online.
8.8.8.8 to basically move like.
You can check, so I don't know whether this source, which is basically not my source.
So these are not also lame.
So you can take liberties.
So it's similar like being dot 8.8.8.8, so you can check you are getting the reply from pinging and
everything.
So oh, eight point 8.8 just for Google.
Something so.
If you know, the IP address of your target, target is basically the source, you can check your flight
later.
So let me.
On this phone.
Well, when I landed, I.
And let me change this to a liberal but.
First, you can check your own nine people and wounding one other random IP here, and I'm going to
check whether it's working or not.
And then Chikere here, be ECB board not to be called also if you want to you.
Going to see that as.
For you, let me check whether it's working or not.
So this is another random lady and this is one lady.
And you can check whether these apes live on this.
So not these episodes were not lame.
So maybe there is a role with these all.
So these are really prime ministership capturing the IP and performing this.
So in the next part, I'm going to tell you how we can work on different things here.
Hope you understand.
Thank you.